## Overview:
This repository is set up with Github Pages to build, host, and deploy an interactive map & dashboard (built with Leaflet) of community drinking water systems, alongside their surface water connections and water sources. 

## Files:
- create_fake_data_for_dashboard.Rmd is an RStudio Markdown file that generates random fake data for water systems, sources, and connections. Useful for exploratory/testing phase of dashboard building since our actual datasets are larger and not ready yet. 
- The Data/ folder contains the different iterations fake data generated by the above script in csv (tabular) and geopackage (spatial) formats. This path to Data/ is also built into the index.html.
- index.html is the HTML code that GitHub automatically recognises to build and deploy the dashboard as a webpage. This can be modified in any GUI, text editor, or directly in GitHub. 
- Other html files are dated (ex: 20250908_extra_filters.html) and indicate alternative versions of the dashboard layout/features/etc.

## Branch Structure
- the 'main' branch contains the code for the current live, working website. This should only be updated with tested, complete features.
- the 'dev' (development) branch is our "sandbox" or "staging" area. All new work is done here first, so please make sure to work on the dev branch. Once we are happy with a particular change or new features, we can merge the tested dev branch into the main branch, which will update the live site. 

## Deployment details:
By navigating to 'Settings' and then to 'Pages' in the menu on the left, you can see the GitHub Pages information and control deployment of the html as a webpage. 

## To-dos
- Reorganise project on dev branch such that index.html is broken up into multiple smaller scripts, for greater ease of navigation and editing.
Ex:

your-repo-name/

├── index.html          # The main HTML file, now much simpler

├── css/

│   └── style.css       # For custom styling rules

├── js/

│   ├── config.js       # Map settings, intitial variables, etc.

│   ├── map.js          # Code to initialize the map, adding base layers, etc.

│   └── features.js     # Code for specific dashboard functionality and interactive features

├──Data/                # As is

│   └── ...
